how's it going everyone welcome to a new
unboxing video this is the PlayStation 3
super slim limited edition crystal white
console and this contains a one-year
PlayStation Plus what great additions
added here today the reason I'm doing
this unboxing is we kind of decided to
go with the all-white console color
scheme dealt with black for so long and
I wanted to go it on white I have the
white 360 slim as you can see up here
the we the white Japanese ps1 the only
other console that I didn't have that
didn't mention that category was the ps3
so that's why you haven't seen my ps3
cuz I wanted to go with the white this
time it's a limo man boxing it for you
this system here is love to hate but
terms of design and I I can kind of see
why if you look at the other ps3 it
looks like it's lost so much in terms of
the you know push buttons and the gloss
finish all around it
this bummer as you can see in front of
you dick come with some free stuff came
with a free copy of Yakuza Souls brand
new sealed $20 and a $10 PSN card and a
brand new copy Ratchet and Clank
collection from the ps2 in HD so a
really cool bundle so we will go ahead
and move this stuff out of the way here
and it started with our unboxing so as
you know like with the uncharted drake's
Deception bundle when you open it it's
the same way now I'm already taking this
little top part off so to make it easier
to open so we're gonna go ahead and do
that
so you can see inside of it just like
and of course out of the box here there
you have it this is the actual
PlayStation 3 box I'm really cool I'm
not going to show you the actual back
cuz it's nothing really the show but
that's really really cool
500 gigabytes now that I had was 250 so
it's a huge jump in terms of space and
open it up so like the other unboxing
I'm gonna open it from the side like
this you can see see so you can see how
it's set up in here package wise so you
can see right here the contents are
inside the box with your controller it's
the other stuff as far as AC power white
piece do control looks really nice
cables charging cable AV cable your
power cable and of course the system in
here it's the last thing we want to get
to
and take that out of the box real quick
and this is what everybody's been
waiting for the actual box itself forget
that true
that's your instructions for the system
place this over here alright now let's
get to the actual unboxing this is the
ps3 and let's go ahead and open it up
alrighty
there it is I don't know if my camera's
mean very weird right now I have to say
the ps3 super-slim looks really nice I
really like the design of it you can see
very nice now of course the back is
interesting look that this is one thing
I kind of find out how they designed it
it's got the black vents on the back but
that's ok and this is what it looks like
on the inside
very very nice matching silver trim
laser tray and your console and of
course the controller
can't go wrong with having actual
controller there you go the white ps3
controller so anyways that's why I've
been out of loop with the actual games
themselves in terms of content I've been
busy with pick them up another ps3 at
the time so I didn't have time to get
around to it
this is the stuff that came with this
bundle do one of our local store
competitors here in Texas so I got all
this here so really good deal really
good bundle and hope you guys enjoyed
the unboxing little not the usual decent
embarrassing but I want to give that
away pretty quickly so here's my
unboxing of the crystal Wyatt
PlayStation 3 limited edition bundle for
the ps3 super slim I'm forced thanks for
joining me on this unboxing and I'll
talk to you guys later
you